3. It is important to choose a license because this allows people to contribute in a way that fits the original creator's ideas for what the project is and how it can be run. It also gives a set definition of rules to follow so that everyone can make sure they are not violating the values and goals of the project. A license defines the project as a certain type of open source, and protects the creator's work. Every license allows and restricts different things for the project that make up what it is. 

4. When working on a project without a license, there is not a defined set of rules or guidelines on what types of changes someone can make, or how someone’s changes are protected. This is important in open source because if a project is handled wrong, it is not open source. Not having a license gives little structure to a project and what can be done with it.

5. I agree with what this article said. The way that the Gopher project was described made it seem unorganized and constantly changing. Once a project gets large, it is probably not a good idea to make sudden changes to the base values and structure of the project. Also, when a project is trying to make a profit, it should make sure that it can’t be forked a bunch of times and changed like the gopher project was. This problem could have probably been fixed with a certain type of license. It is important for the founders of a project to think ahead and see what types of changes might happen in the future so they can prevent things like this from happening.
